# Lipid-Bilayer
Double lipid bilayer, osmotic gradient and alcohol.

16Aug2018TCLScript.tcl is the first file used to set up the system from two different systems generated by charmm-gui.
This script needs the topology folder named toppar with all of the parameter and topology files in it.
2 systems to use and stack together.
The distances to move the parts of the systems were determined based on the original sizes of the two systems.
The distances used to select the seperate leaflets were determined by trial and error using VMD and the graphical representation tool.
If two other systems were used those selections would have to be verified and possibily changed for this script to work properly.

Before membrane_lipid_restraint2.namd.str can be used write_charmm_crd.tcl is used to generate the merged.crd file. To use this file open up the TK console in VMD after you have your system loaded in to VMD and type "source write_charmm_crd.tcl"  "newfilename molid (usually 0) normal"

membrane_lipid_restraint2.namd.str is to be used with:
toppar.str
step5_assembly.str
merged.psf
merged.crd
toppar.str needs to be pointed at the toppar folder with the appropriate files in it. step5_assembly needs to be manually changed so that it contains the new system size "A B C" and new variables called "NLIPTOPMID" and "NLIPBOTMID" are added so that a lipid count of the other system is listed. No other variables need to be edited.

mghh_extrabonds are the same in pearl and tcl format. They use hextube_MGHH_WI.pdb which is too larg of file to upload here. They are here because I was hoping to use them to create the dihe.txt file for use by NAMD colvars. But they are not understandable.

selectHead.tcl will be used to select the head groupd of this particular double lipid bilayer system. POPE and POPC are the lipids involved.
